hello to all of me 784 and we're in drawing
youtuber and this time we are
drawing the lord to capone to capon is
a very nice person zoltán y chingón y
animated is
navigate in three and more seasons I
that I see more of the channel of al capone are
its streamings and I like what else I
like this channel is that sometimes
Populists they tend terror things
in what I like about the capon channel
but it is another worse one we are in the
creation of how to draw the capone in
this occasion this use a line
horizontal
commented that first I started to draw what
that was the eyebrows and then the eyes
I was already calculating where I was going to
put the nose and then hand me
recalls the pose a little put
ingest there urine jolie in in a photo
I do not know saying that capone angelina
jolie but she put on the same pose but it's
other but pettitte operations the eye
that it worked out that came out a little bit
very very good a little bit far away and you
I'm going to correct it, I'm going to put more more
close to the left left eye of
our sight
there is almost no paddling that much just use
the four lists for older lines
with a lot of nose I wanted to make a
little like that the texture of the shadow
and owns a for the background music the
pose because they have a kid
studious good child good that to feel
with fucking art and moms and in Chinese a
zote
the artist is mozart
but it's not another but I'm going to put a veto on
but that way I did not want to put more
and we are drawing the head sets
we remark what is the chick and
wash it after hand sad hands
Cotonete I preferred this first shadow and
then later this remarcarlo with pencil
and well that's how it was the all
palmer last and to erase it the right eye
so do not include us and if not
they start to draw because because the
personal , I recommend following my lines
effect the crazy right but of equal
we are already knowing with the pencil 6b
materials is the 2h pencil and 6 sees
nothing else
this video was sued some strong
psychological hugs written scene and
as this is already beginning
behind the right eye will bring a
a little more
I love I love classical music
is one of the favorites besides the
metal and dubstep of equal to equal
it does not matter but in the same way
Al Capone strong this already longer reaches the
end of this video below this
I will let you see what it is from
up this because because when I record
I change a lot what gives life the sight
and that's how it really looks
do not be alone and please Jesus I repeat
once again Jesus
and subscribe for more show videos
I want to send greetings to 266 by jesus
have asked to draw this great
youtuber and why was this not Jesus
expert liked catlike and we
we see until the next if gentlemen
comment on the next I had to
they want for next week and chau
to
ah